 Hello. Can you hear me? Perfect. Hi again.
 All right, so I did slides and I'm going to be showing it right after the slides, but hi everyone. Good day. The primary of and nervous anyway. Hi everyone.
 I'm going to be presenting two products. One, which is supposed to be a Python script to look for discrepancies. And second is a cruise booking app. So first up, what we have here is timekeep. And the primary objective here was to identify discrepancies between two files and report them back for correction. However, I think I am quite proud to say that I went beyond the initial requirement of a script and actually want.
 show you guys walk the talk and show that I can do two flavors of full-stack development. So I went ahead and developed a user-friendly web app using Python and Flask, specifically tailored to meet the audience that is our CEO. So this is what the app looks like. So instead of being a Pythonic script, we can see here that we now have a file.
 comparison tool, which has the ability to, number one, take in files as input, let me demo that real quick, file number one done, visual confirmation there, and upon hitting compare files, boom, a CFO is busy, so they will need a quick summary. However, to make it more intuitive for them to go through if they want to see more details about what exists.
 is wrong I've included accordions to help them visually sift through what's wrong and there's some entries missing from the TAR file and if they really want to be more specific we can also filter. As you can see it updates as we go and now we only have 321
 from tar files and these are very specific it might look entirely the same but you can see from here it's 280 and 270. Now I'm going to be going back to my slides to show you my thought process and my approach as to how I dealt with this problem. First was to thoroughly understand like they say in the
 world of code. The best code is the one you don't write. So the first step I took was to thoroughly understand Shipkeep's code needs. So I carefully analyzed the requirements breaking them down into core features. And so sorry I meant timekeep. So we have here the problem actually is to compare two transaction files
 and then check out for discrepancies. And how I approached that was the solution here, a solution overview. You can see that I made a diagram because that's how I sketched the solution before I went there. But through this diagram, we can see the different components that I've used. Number one, we really need to clean data before we even get started.
 to analyze it. So as soon as the user uploads the file, we can see through the arrow that it goes to the frontend input field and then goes to the backend. And then we even have a data loader component that I specifically made. More on that on the next slide. But after that, we have a data cleaner, the actual comparing algorithm, and then it returns the discrepancies.
 And after that, it's just bouncing back of outputs from discrepancies, to backend, to frontend, and then finally, our CFO. So the technologies I've used here is Python, Flask, and Bootstrap. Python for the backend, Flask for getting that web server set up, and Bootstrap just to make it look nice. Now, I've mentioned talking about data loading and cleaning. So what I...
 What I actually did for data loading is I dealt with it like a dictionary because we all know that a HashMap is the fastest way to load things. And so to convert a CSV to a dictionary, I used the CSV module, used the specific function dictionary reader, and I weighed pros and cons, whether I should be using Pandas.
 or csv.reader, but I didn't go with pandas because it loads the entire data set into memory. It is heavy. And I didn't load use-csv-readers because it returns rows as list, and we all know how easier it is to query data using dictionary. We can now access data easily by call of native, for example. I even, in my data cleaning process,
 I implemented specific cleaning functions to handle inconsistencies. Currency fields were converted from strings to numerical float. And date formats were normalized to follow a specific format. Because one of the challenges that I actually dealt with as soon as I loaded the CSV was the dollar sign turning everything into a string. So I converted that into a float.
 for the last slide, if you want to go deep into the comparison algorithm, I'm going to be showing my messy code file. Oops. But as we can see here, we have a comparator file. Let me just make sure that's readable. So it's really just a matter of comparing fields that should match and if the charges for example,
 Remember that $12.50 on ECB and $12.65 on the TAR, this is the code that handles that and we can see the benefits of dictionary here because now it's easier to know if they actually mismatch and we also have similar very simple comparison statements. If TAR record new charge is not equal to ECB record new charge
 discrepancy. Now that was it for the first stop, for the first part of the project. Now I'm gonna be dealing with Shipkeep. And Shipkeep is... let me just load that. All right. Shipkeep is a cruise booking app.
 and so to show you what I did this one's actually pretty fun so let me walk you through shipkeep let me just load the file here you guys are seeing my screen right just a little okay perfect so for this one I used
 React front-end now and with a Flask back-end as you can see it's still running on Flask here and then now we can see that it's now loaded on front-end this is created with create-react-app so pretty vanilla which I think is enough for the task and what I want to showcase here for shipkeep is a really focus of
 big focus on robustness, on data validation, because number one, it's essential for businesses to be secure. And number two, it seems like the prompt put a focus on that. So how does that look like in my application of Shipkeep? So on user signup, we have, let's test this out. If I just click sign up, there are indicators to please sign up.
 field and so if we sign up with the name del1 for example and use random symbols there'll be no it won't usually accept that but let me just walk you through everything let's use del at gmail.com a del and a password that's one two three four five six seven eight boom we can see that for the username format oh
 you need 3 to 20 alphanumeric characters so no symbols, just numeric characters. So let's say it's Del Carl now and then, oh! 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 is too weak so I need to actually use several characters and then let's break .com as well, boom you can see that the sign-up field
 really takes in everything into consideration. And that was achieved via regular expressions. Now that we finally signed up, we have a modal that puts it right up there front and center that we're heading to log in now. So looking back, we were also tasked to bring up at least two best practices from signup forms. And as you can see, one of them was already ensuring that
 the password is strong. And second, I also made sure that it wasn't cluttered. So as you can see, it's a very simple login page, no in-your-face advertisements. And so if we use dell1 now, if that was the name, and actually let me just go with an account I prepped before. Oof, invalid username.
 and password. Actually, let's go through that again. So we got Carl call one. And then we got Carl, Carl at gmail.com. And then use one of my pre saved password here. That was another best practice because they told you that you should allow password fields to be pasteable. And so once we do that, we get logged in again. Turns out I made that account already. But
 the same password and boom we have a responsive shipkeep cruise booking website and we even have all the bells and whistles. Now let's go back to the presentation. So in the presentation I'm gonna be talking about the
 requirements, and so how I approached this again. So the first step was to thoroughly understand that this company needs a user facing interface for account creation and login with a focus on security and user friendly experience. So I carefully analyzed the requirements and broke them down into core features, user account registration, the bullets here, login, data storage, access control, and a protected.
 home page. We also considered responsive design because everyone's using a mobile right now. Next up, to build this application, I chose a stack consisting of React for frontend, Python and Flask for backend, and SQLite for the database. React's component-based architecture and the use of React Router allowed me to create a dynamic and responsive user interface. I used Tailwind CSS.
 for styling because it's efficient. And on the backend, Flask was a lightweight and flexible framework for building API endpoints, which is what this MVP or demo needed. Same logic for SQLite, chosen due to its simplicity. So as you can see on your screen, here's a simple diagram illustrating the overall architecture. Now for security,
 I considered this my top priority. I implemented several measures to protect user data and prevent unauthorized access. So how did I do that? With password hashing via the bcrypt module. Input validation on the server side and the client side. And I also did session management, making sure that your Flask session couldn't be.
 modified by evil actors. And like I mentioned before, I followed best practices outlined in the signup form article. I focused on cutting form clutter and implemented a regular expression password check. So the development process really just, I'm repeating myself here, but I mean, it involved building the backend API endpoints.
 and then creating the front-end React components to integrate them. So I used React's new state and use effect hooks for managing component state and handling side effects with React Router use for navigation. So I did encounter a couple challenges along the way, actually, and this was the classic course issue. So there was an issue with API communication with the back-end.
 how I resolved that was through the use of a proxy, specifically in the package.json file. Let me show you what I mean. And so we have the directory here. And in the shipkeep app, we can see that in package.json, we use
 a proxy and hardcoded the link that our backend flask is using. And one thing I'm also pretty proud of what I learned while doing this task was the use of concurrently for React. So instead of running npm run backend and npm start, running npm run dev would do both of them at once. So it's a much more efficient process. Going back to
 the presentation. If I had my other challenge was ensuring that the success and error messages were displayed with appropriate styling because I took my time to explore Tailwind here and turns out React does have a an if statement for styling so if it's a success message is green and if it's a an error
 message it's a red so it was I dynamically applied different CSS classes based on the messaging type as you've seen during the signup so for future enhancements if I had more time because it's finals week at school as well I would really just implement reCAPTCHA for bot prevention the free machine learning training that are done by us humans I'd have a
 more extensive user profile management, really get into the recommendation algorithm side of things like I did in my summer internship. Integration with perhaps a custom API with proper documentation, of course. Enhanced UI UX and a more robust error handling and logging. So we can know what went wrong, where went wrong and why it went wrong, as well as how. But other than that,
 Thank you very much for giving me the opportunity to share my skills in an interview. That was a lot that I am proud to have done. Thank you so much again. And I am now opening the floor for questions and we can inspect the code base if need be.
 Let me just say I used a few assignment extensions. Almost a solid day's work, if I would say so. A day and a half. Yep, that was, I started making, my first freelance work was when I was at 9th grade. I made an e-commerce site with WooCommerce.
 at Webflow, I mean at WordPress and then I evolved to Webflow and then I started making web apps with React.
 Well, if you want to view more of my front-end capabilities, actually, I would point you towards my website. But that's on to your questions now.
 That's interesting because in the summer, I went and spent three days after doing three internships in the summer to stay with monks in the middle of mountains to really plan that out. And so in my 20s, I do intend to become a Google Developer Expert, if you're quite aware, and I want to specialize in cloud.
 because it's quite versatile and I am a person whose interests are varied, I would say, and so GCP allows me the flexibility by giving different solutions. And in my 30s and 40s, I think I do want to pursue and create a startup, something that merges technology with social impact.
 hopefully that startup financially stabilizes me because in my 50s, I kind of want to pull off a Bill Gates, you know, like I want to be I want to be an independent researcher. That's the whole reason I wanted to I went to ahead and traveled and studied in the US. Sorry, because they had way more resources than the Philippines Research Institutes. And from my past internships, I haven't been bothered.
 So I wanted to be an independent researcher at 50, discovering for the sake of discovering without the pressure of publisher bias and the academe telling you to publish a great paper if you wanna keep your tenure. Thank you.
 バタの生地をお好みで固めます。 効率を強くするために、バタに重心を入れて固定します。 とても良いです。
 I am humbled. Thank you very much.
 I wish I did, but I didn't get to create any PyTest. I usually use PyTest for that, but I kind of skimped on that, with the logic being, this is an MVP, but if you want, I can show you unit tests for a previous project I did at school, if that would be valid. Because I get into a rabbit hole with these kinds of things. I'm like, but wait, but wait, but wait. Because in my first job,
 Philippines is like one of them startup foundries. The CTO really sat me down and took his time to teach me because I was a 16 year old back then under the table kind of payment but he really told me how everything needs to be test driven but then I'm pretty unfortunately because of the schedules it's that
 that I have with final speak, I didn't get to run anything, but I won't make that as an excuse, and I'm gonna show you another project I did that actually has unit tests, if that's okay.
 That is true. Okay, let me just look for my assignment now. I have a lot of repositories in my folder. But while that's going on, I wanted to ask if you guys had any more questions.
 Yep, that would have been the next thing I would have done, continuous integration and continuous development actions, because I really wanted to get this on a Docker file and push it to Google Cloud Run. But unfortunately, because of the time constraints, I didn't get to as well.
 Thank you for the question though. I can show you my database. Let me see, here we go. Sharing my screen to answer that question. So I'm not sure I heard the rest of the question.
 but when you said password, my mind immediately went to, I hashed them with bcrypt. And if it's not a lot of hassle, I'm gonna be changing my screen to another thing I did. And here we have all of the tests. So let me just run this here. Oops, sorry, my bad, cd.
 Why isn't it—oops, let me just do that then—py tests v, or was it this one? Well, it always doesn't work when you're live demoing, but I guess this did pass.
 this did pass the 100% let me just tell you right here and there but to show you the thoroughness of the rabbit hole that I was talking to you about I think of edge case I thought of edge cases for this one and just like how I showed you in the signup form field like oh let's exclude symbols for usernames or let's make sure that it's greater than eight characters the standard stuff but then over here
 this is a to-do list type of app and so what I did here was like create a test list for test for creating top-level for checking that a top-level checklist works and if you check it it checks everything else and so I hope this convinces you and the team and I'm also pretty specific with the status
 code responses to help debuggers, because we all don't want to be that developer who gets in a new project or an existing project and then has to go through documentation hell. So this is what I can show so far.
 Yep, and all right, let me just stop sharing. Oh!
 I am gonna sleep so hard after this actually. Okay, so what I
 wanted to ask is, I was wondering if the questions or if the take-home assignments is what I'm expecting for this internship. I do know that change management is quite similar with the first task I did, measuring discrepancies, but I was wondering what last year's interns got to work on and what I'm expected to work on.
 work on this year, if ever I get into this internship. Oh, thank you.
 No, I get that.
 Oof, yeah.
 日本語 sticks consider subscribing if you wish so you won't be disapointed if you activate the bell like and comment
 見てくれてありがとう!
 and
 see you next time
 Mm-hmm. I understand. Thank you very much. I now have a clearer view of what I'm gonna expect if ever but other than that We are past time. So I would like to Be respectful of it and thank you guys for your time
 Thank you. And it was really funny because when I demoed my project to Sean yesterday, it didn't work. But I'm glad it worked now. Well, that's true. But thanks again guys. See you.
 Thank you. Take care.
